1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?

Ans:-Functions reduce the need for duplicate code,we can reuse it and avoid repitation.



2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?

Ans:-The code in a function run when the function is called, not when the function is specified.



3. What statement creates a function?

Ans:- "def" statement creates a function.



4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?

Ans:- A function is defined by a statement "def"
      def funct(): #This is a function
          print("this is inside of funct()")
          
       function() #calling a function 'funct()'
       


5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?

Ans:- Only one global scope is there in a python program, local scopes are created whenever the function is called.



6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?

Ans:-When a function returns,the local scope is destroyed and they can be used outside the function anytime after the functiono call completes.



7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?

Ans:- The value a function call evaluates or calculates is called a return value.yes,it is possible to have a return value in an expression.



8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?

If there is no return statement for a function,the return of a call to that function is "none"



9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?

Ans:-def fun1():
    global laptop  #the variable laptop is explicitly defined as global
    laptop = "acer" # "acer" assigned to the global variable laptop
          
laptop = "dell" # "dell" assigned to the global variable laptop
          
fun1() #calliing the function
print(laptop) #The global value of the variable name is printed

 Output = acer



10. What is the data type of None?

Ans:-The data type of none is "None type"



11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?

Ans:- The import statement imports a module named areallyourpetsnamederic.



12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?

Ans:- import spam
      spam.bacon()
     
     
     
13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
      
Ans:- By placing the line of code under the try clause we can save a program from       crashing 



14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?

Ans:- The purpose of try clause is to test a block of code for errors
      The purpose of except clause is to handle the errors.
      
      












